
RBC Careers Home Page
Life at RBC

Work at RBC

Students &
Graduates
Talent
Community

 French

Saved
Jobs
Share via emailShare via FacebookShare via linkedInShare via Twitter
2026 Summer Student Opportunities Capital Markets, QTS - Software Developer, 4 months
 TORONTO, Ontario, Canada

Platform:
Sub Category: Internship and Rotational Program
Type: Full time
Application Deadline: 01/19/2026
Req ID: R-0000152270
 Previous job

64%
Resume Match
7 of 11 keywords
Uses advanced AI matching
Simplify
Simplify
V1
V2
Job Description

What is the opportunity?

Are you interested in the opportunity to work as a Quantitative Technology Services Co-op at RBC? By applying to this job posting, you will be considered for multiple roles available across RBC QTS.

​What will you do?

Analyze business requirements and translate them to technical specifications.
Create designs, develop, code, and perform code reviews and testing of applications, as per Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices.
Design and integration testing of applications.
Release and incident management of applications.
Responsible for all ranges of project work and daily support as outlined by given business and increasing efficiencies in current department.
What do you need to succeed?

Must-have

Working towards a degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, or a related degree, and currently maintaining academic excellence.
Experience developing applications within a UNIX/Linux or Windows based environment.
In-depth programming knowledge of one of the following languages: Java, C#, C/C+, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS.
Must be a self-starter, with strong analytical and interpersonal skills, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment and manage multiple competing priorities.
Strong MS Office skills and experience presenting to stakeholders.
What’s in it for you?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

Network and build lasting relationships with students from diverse backgrounds from across Canada.
Participate in fun events and challenges to help build your career tool kit while enjoying a work-life balance.
Leaders who support your development through coaching and learning opportunities.
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive and highly performing team.
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact.
​

We encourage you to apply as soon as possible as we accept applications on a rolling basis, but please note that the formal application deadline is January 18, 2026. Should you be selected to progress, someone from our team will reach out directly to provide instructions on next steps. Otherwise, feel free to check for progress updates by logging in to your RBC profile. If the status has not changed, it denotes the fact that your application is still under review.

EARLYTECHTALENT

Job Skills

Active Learning, Adaptability, Communication, Computer Literacy, Interpersonal Relationships, Listening Effectively, Operational Delivery, Personal Development, Personal Initiative, Teamwork
Additional Job Details

Address:

RBC CENTRE, 155 WELLINGTON ST W:TORONTO
City:

Toronto
Country:

Canada
Work hours/week:

37.5
Employment Type:

Full time
Platform:

Job Type:

Student/Coop (Fixed Term)
Pay Type:

Salaried
Posted Date:

2025-12-12
Application Deadline:

2026-01-19
Note: Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment

At RBC, we believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com.

 Previous job
​​​​​​​Similar Opportunities
2026 Summer Student Opportunities Technology & Operations - Software Developer, 12 Months
Category Rotational Programs | Internships
Location TORONTO, Ontario, Canada
Job Type Full time

2026 Summer Student Opportunities Technology & Operations - Software Developer, 8 Months
Category Rotational Programs | Internships
Job Type Full time

Job available in 4 locations
2026 Summer Student Opportunities RBC Borealis -Machine Learning Software Engineer, 4-8 Months
Category Rotational Programs | Internships
Job Type Full time

Job available in 3 locations
Get Notified of Similar Opportunities
Sign up for alerts on new similar jobs.

Enter Email address (Required)
your@email.com
RBC Home Video Image
Whatever your "What," make it yours. Here. At RBC.
Play Video

Home Banner
Find your next job.
Please navigate the suggestions using the tab keySearch for Job title or location
Search for Job title or location
View All Jobs
Royal Bank of Canada Website, © 1995-2025

RBC careers in Facebook RBC careers in Instagram RBC careers in Twitter RBC careers in You Tube RBC careers in Linkedin backToTop
Top
Legal | Accessibility | Privacy & Security | RBC Job Applicant Privacy Notice | Personal Information |


Simplify
